## Opening Prompt

For today's class, you chose a game to play from a list. Some of you may have chosen the same game, but hopefully you all did not. To start our conversation, then, we need to do a little bit of description and basic analysis. To that end, I'd like you to answer the following questions about the game you played:

1. Imagine you were charged with writing the description of this game for a web store or the back of a case. Can you summarize the game in a few sentences? What is it about? Why might it be interesting to play?
2. What is the primary *mechanic* of the game? That is, how do players primarily interact with the game: e.g. through some style of movement, by managing resources, through simulated combat, etc.? Is the game's mechanic similar to other games you know of, or does it seem notably distinct?
3. How would you describe the *style* of the game? Consider its visual style, its aural style, and (if applicable) its textual style. Do these different elements work in harmony or do they seem at odds with each other? What does the game's style seem to convey, and does it succeed?
4. Is there a *narrative* in this game? If so, would you describe the narrative as *scripted* or *emergent*—that is, does the game proceed through a set series of narrative moments, or does the player participate in creating the narrative through playing the game? 
5. Does your game explore particular *themes* or *ideas* through its mechanic, style, or narrative (or some combination thereof)? How are these themes and/or ideas articulated? Does the game seem aimed at giving players a particular view of these themes and/or ideas, or does it seem designed to provoke independent thinking?
6. Finally, is your game fun? Why or why not? How do the elements discussed above contribute to the fun of the game (or lack thereof)?